You got this.
[YAMADA] I didn't think I could
pull off the Nurse because of
the amount of lines
she has in this scene.
And everyone was
auditioning for Juliet,
so I figured I could kind
of get lost in the crowd.
Turns out, that's not
how it works.
Juliet's the popular girl, so
the complete opposite of me.
Plus, I've been in love
lots of times before,
whereas this is her first.
My first crush was on
an anime character.
The next one took it
from 2-D to 2.5-D.
Then finally...
...I graduated to 3-D.
[HIRAYAMA]
Morning, Ayako!
[YAMADA]
Good morning, Hirayama.
Oh, wow, something
smells good in there.
[YAMADA]
Yeah, that's right! Here.
You're always gushing
about how much you love
my family's bakery,
so Mom said I should
bring you a few treats.
Please enjoy!
Awesome! You're the best!
Fresh from the oven!
Can I have one right now?
Sure.
[FRIEND A] You know what?
If I were a guy,
I'd totally wanna go out with
a sweet girl like you, Ayako.
Thanks for that?
Oh, my gosh, check it out.
[FRIEND B] Wow, Asuka Yano's
got another new boyfriend?
[YAMADA] I thought she was
dating that second-year
in the school rock band.
Apparently, the band
broke up after Asuka
managed to date
every single guy in it.
Yeah?
I don't get why guys
like her so much.
She's not even that hot.
[FRIEND C] Maybe 'cause she's
thin and has huge tits?
[FRIEND A] Or 'cause she'll
date anyone with a pulse?
[YAMADA]
Cut it out, you guys!
Come on, she might hear you!
[FRIEND C] Hey, Ayako,
earlier, were you hanging out
with Hirayama again?
[YAMADA]
Oh, yeah.
Wow, you two sure have
gotten close, haven't you?
Listen, he's even talking
about you right now.
Seriously, Ayako's
bakery is amazing.
[YAMADA] No, he's just talking
about my family's bakery.
Gimme a break.
He's totally into you.
[YAMADA]
C'mon, no way.
Aw, you guys would make
the perfect couple!
You're both super nice!
[YAMADA laughs]
Oh, stop it, don't be silly!
[STUDENT A] Dude, he asked
Asuka Yano out and she said no!
[STUDENT C]
Hirayama did? That's so random!
[STUDENT D] And Asuka
dates literally anyone.
[STUDENT B] Yikes.
What's his deal if even Asuka
turns him down?
Rain was in the forecast,
so I came prepared.
Let's go.
Asuka always looked
so cool and aloof.
I figured I'd never know what
was going on in her head.
I was convinced.
But then, one day, I saw her
smiling down at her phone,
and when I looked
at it, turns out,
she was watching
cute animal videos.
I was like, "Wow, she's such a
sweet girl on the inside."
It kinda made me
want to protect her.
It's fine;
I'm an idiot, aren't I?
[YAMADA]
No, I get it.
Being turned down has to hurt.
[HIRAYAMA]
Man, Ayako.
You're so nice.
I feel better just
being around you.
Hey, do you think...
I mean, could we be...
...friends forever?
[YAMADA]
I should have known.
Reality will never exceed
my expectations.
That's just my life.
Romeo and Juliet get together
because they fall in love
at first sight.
The question is,
how can someone like me
act that out convincingly?
Hey, Sawa, I was thinking,
we may end up
in the same group
for auditions, and um...
I'd like to apologize in
advance if I mess it up.
So I'd better go warn
everyone else, too.
[SUGIMOTO]
They don't need your warning.
Why do that?
You're trying to
cover your bases,
but I don't get who
you're doing it for.
For them, this is
a group audition.
That means if I mess up,
then it's going
to affect everyone.
It's just I've never been
someone who's able
to surpass my own hopes.
So now, since I miraculously
got accepted here,
it's like I'm always just
barely scraping by.
Also, no one's ever even
told me they liked me.
How am I supposed
to relate to Juliet?
Well, you know what, Aya?
It might surprise you, but I've
never killed anybody before.
Uh, 'kay, that's good to know,
I would hope not!
[SUGIMOTO]
Tybalt has, though.
That's the point.
We're in the same boat.
You've never been
in a relationship,
and I've never committed murder.
We're both lacking the
real-world experiences
of our characters.
I'm gonna fall for my cousin,
then I'll kill a sworn enemy,
and then I'll get killed myself.
That's the man I'm going to
become on stage today.
If you're focused on your
fear of messing it up,
it's a lot more likely you will.
And the same thing goes if
all you really care about
is out-shining someone else.
So then, what should
my focus be?
[SUGIMOTO]
It's simple, but difficult:
Just get up there and
do the very best you can.
Do exactly what you rehearsed.
If you can manage that,
then you're all good.
No one could get angry at you.
You're the type of musume-yaku
everyone loves.
So, chin up! And have faith!
'Cause you're cute and talented!
Come on.
Wait a minute. I have a feeling.
I'm getting this
overwhelming sense of...
Go, Sawa! Aya!
Break legs, you guys!
Right.
[ANDOU]
Okay, let's begin!
[YAMADA]
...deja vu.
Hirayama's really nice.
I mean, I don't get it,
why'd you turn him down?
Huh? Why do you think?
You have a giant crush
on Hirayama, don't you?
What? No, of course not!
[ASUKA laughs]
That's not what
your face is saying.
Here's the deal.
I'm, like, so bad with girls.
You're my only friend
who is one, you know?
And, well, you're
always super nice, so...
Of course, I wasn't
gonna do anything
to make you hate me.
I mean, jeez.
So it's my fault?
What? Don't be silly!
Wait, hold on,
maybe it is? No idea.
Great.
So you know Hirayama's gotta be
totally heartbroken right now.
I bet if you asked him out,
he'd say yes!
No way!
I can't take advantage of
someone when they're
vulnerable like that!
[ASUKA]
Why not?
Who cares, as long as you get
your happy ending, right?
[YAMADA] I guess, but he said he
wants to be "friends forever."
[ASUKA giggles]
Koko, you're so cute!
[YAMADA]
No, I am not.
Nobody's ever even
said that to me before.
[ASUKA] Well, I'm telling
you, you are, okay?
Everyone likes you.
You've got a warm
aura or whatever.
I know you're totally gonna
get into Kouka, no doubt!
You think?
[ASUKA]
I just said, I know!
Hell, if I were a guy, I'd
definitely go out with you.
I mean, if I'm honest,
I'd go out with you right now,
if you ever wanted to.
Oh, wow, really?
Well, thanks.
[ASUKA laughs]
[YAMADA]
Hey, what're you laughing about?
You're so cute,
I can't even help it!
I wanna be friends with
you forever, too, Koko!
I just love you so much!
I feel like I'm about to cry.
[KONNO]
O, speak again, bright angel!
For thou art as
glorious to this night,
being o'er my head as is a
winged messenger of heaven.
[YAMADA]
Wait, no way, was she into me?
[ONODERA] Miss Yamada's cheeks
are bright red all of a sudden.
Oh, dear, I certainly
hope she's okay!
I'm sorry, girls.
I fully recognize
that as a teacher,
I'm not supposed
to have favorites.
It's a matter of principle,
and I completely understand why.
But darn it, teachers
are human beings, too,
and I can't help but root
for the girl I discovered!
Musical theater is
the mixed martial arts
of the theater world.
If you can perfect
your signature move,
you can turn the
tables on any rival!
Miss Yamada!
Don't forget to use
your secret weapon!
[YAMADA]
O Romeo!
Romeo, wherefore art thou Romeo?
Deny thy father and
refuse thy name.
Or if thou wilt not...
[YAMADA]
Weird.
It's like a curse
has been lifted.
Someone out there is looking
at me like I'm special
without my even knowing it.
I'll never be like
Naracchi, but...
[ONODERA]
You can do it!
[YAMADA] When I stand on that
stage, maybe someone in
the audience will see the same
thing, and I want to give them
that chance.
I know that now, so here goes.
Nervous or not, I have to try.
I have to give it my best shot!
I know thou wilt say "Ay,"
and I will take thee
at thy word, Romeo.
If thou dost love me,
pronounce it faithfully.
And I'll believe thee!
[YAMADA]
I did it!
[ANDOU]
Excellent.
Now, let's see our
top student's Tybalt.
What blood?
'Tis my blood?
Thou, wretched boy.
What hast thou done to me?
No, this can't be! I yet live!
My end cannot be
so nigh as it appears!
[OOKI] Such expression, down to
the movement of her fingers.
The hallmark of someone
trained to be a prima ballerina.
[SUGIMOTO] Fairest Juliet,
o bright star in darkest sky,
my hand will never
know your soft glow.
Your sweet touch.
[TAKAGI]
My goodness.
Her Tybalt is full of bitter
rage for one so young.
Romeo!
And thus I am slain by Romeo.
The true villain.
Tybalt is gone,
and Romeo banished,
Romeo that kill'd him!
[ONODERA]
Come on, Miss Yamada!
It's all you!
Now's your time to shine!
[ONODERA]
Ah! Why isn't she singing?!
♪ Oh, god no, ♪
♪ Beautiful tyrant ♪
♪ Can heaven be so envious ♪
♪ What devil dost torment
me thus? ♪
♪ My heart breaks ♪
♪ Dreadful trumpets play ♪
♪ O what a beast I was
to chide the one I love ♪
♪ Back foolish tears ♪
♪ Back to your spring ♪
♪ My joy and shame ♪
♪ That murdered me ♪
♪ Some news it is
worse than death ♪
♪ A crueler fate,
this banishment ♪
♪ There is no end,
no limit, bound ♪
♪ No measured word
can that woe sound ♪
♪ Let death take me as I am ♪
♪ A last farewell to my Romeo ♪
[ONODERA] She took a deliberate
pause before she started
to sing. Then she started
in pianissimo, soft,
as if beginning to tell a story.
Building up to a moving,
passionate performance
that wraps you in emotion!
I knew it!
I knew I saw the seed
of greatness in her!
[ANDOU]
Thank you, group two.
Good work.
[HOSHINO]
Aya! Wow, you're such a natural!
Your voice sounded incredible!
[YAMADA]
What's that look for?
You're a very worthy rival.
[YAMADA]
Huh? But I--
Hey, Sawa!
Your Tybalt was so powerful!
And maybe this is weird,
but I felt like you kept
looking right at me
the whole time!
You know, I don't have much
experience hating people.
[SARASA]
Yeah, me either!
[SUGIMOTO] So I chose someone
to hate in my head.
And it only made sense
to pick my biggest rival.
Oh, who's that?
Not telling.
[HOSHINO]
Look!
I have night's cloak to
hide me from their sight,
and but thou love me,
let them find me here!
O Romeo! Romeo, wherefore
art thou Romeo?
Swear not by the moon.
the inconstant moon,
lest that thy love
prove likewise.
Oh, to be young again, right?
Those girls are all so bright
and innocent and adorable;
they're well-nigh perfect!
You're right, it's the
rare kind of beauty
you can only find in
diamonds in the rough.
They've got a long way
to go before they're ready
for an audience,
but they were all fresh!
You know what they say.
Success is about hard
work and perseverance,
but then, every once in a while,
an exceptional talent comes
along and they outperform
our expectations
without even trying.
Hard not to get excited
when that happens,
both for them and for
the future of the school.
[STUDENT A]
My audition's right after lunch!
I'm too nervous to eat.
[STUDENT B]
Come on, you've got to!
You don't want your stomach
grumbling while you're up there.
Let's go.
I'm so glad I'm already done.
[SUGIMOTO]
No kidding.
Waiting to perform is torture.
And now we get to enjoy
our food without nerves
getting in our way!
Never been so glad
to have gone early!
That's right!
The only thing left to do
is figure out who to vote for.
[AI]
We're not done.
Sarasa hasn't gone.
Well, that explains
the peace and quiet.
Guess I should've
questioned that right away.
So, where'd she run off to?
The bathroom?
My, Sarasa, you look happy!
I am! You know how Akiya
wasn't able to come out
to the party yesterday?
To make it up to me, he's
taking me to the aquarium
later on!
[KEN]
Yeah?
Well now, look at him, pullin'
out the smooth moves
with you!
Hard to believe it
wasn't so long ago
that he was right here,
cryin' like a baby!
[SARASA]
But I'm so excited to see him,
my heart's going a
million miles a minute.
and now I have all this time
to kill before he comes.
I know!
Instead of waiting here,
I'll meet him at his house!
All right, be back by seven!
[SARASA]
I will!
Akiya! It's happening!
I've finally made it
to the starting block!
I'm about to find myself
on stage again!
[AKIYA]
So?
Why did you want to talk
to me, Kouzaburou?
[KOUZABUROU] A little birdy told
me that Sarasa got accepted
into the Kouka School.
Is that true?
[AKIYA]
Dunno how you heard, but yeah.
Only one in 25
applicants make it.
It's pretty crazy that
she got in on her first try.
I expected no less of her.
They'd have to be idiots
to not admit her.
Still, that tracks for
the Kouka School.
It's how they've stuck
around for a century.
Good thing you're not
competing for roles,
'cause you'd have
a real problem.
Okay, that was uncalled for.
[KOUZABUROU]
The school's in Kobe, right?
It'll be hard to keep track of
what she's up to down there.
I'll miss her.
[AKIYA]
For sure.
What's that mean?
You going to miss her, too?
Well, yeah, we've been
friends for forever.
[KOUZABUROU] Why don't you
go out with her, then?
[AKIYA]
What the--?
Where the heck did
that come from?
[KOUZABUROU]
What a stupid question.
Where do you think?
I want Sarasa to live out her
teenage years to the fullest.
Old friends might drift
apart due to distance,
but if you were dating,
you'd put in the work, yeah?
[AKIYA]
Have you totally lost your mind?
Akiya, be smart.
You should give it some thought.
And don't start acting as if
you're the 16th Kaou already.
Kaou is devoted to the craft.
If he sees someone else with
the talent he's looking for,
he won't hesitate to choose
them to be his apprentice
and therefore inherit his title.
Don't worry.
Luckily for you,
Kaou trusts me enough
to give me a pretty healthy
measure of influence
on decisions like these.
Do you catch my drift?
[AKIYA]
Are you threatening me?
[KOUZABUROU]
No. Not at all.
It's just an idea.
You do have a crush
on Sarasa, don't you?
Well, yeah, but that
doesn't mean that she--
It's perfect. Think it over.
A pat? Really?
You don't even care about
what you're putting me
through with this, do you,
Kouzaburou?
I can't bring myself to hate
you doing this to me.
But now I have to deal
with your words echoing
in my head no matter
what I do next.
You're such a jerk.
Beautiful, huh?
Yeah.
Reminds me of the Kouka
Troupe's grand parade.
Those shiny little fish you
see swimming all over
the tank are like the ensemble.
And the biggest, slowest
fish represent the stars,
owning the space
in their leading roles.
[AKIYA]
Who's the top star?
[SARASA]
Oh, definitely the stingray.
Its big, fluttering fins
remind me
of the feathers top stars wear.
Sarasa, listen, I...
Forget it.
Would you come see
me in Shinbashi?
Before you go?
[SARASA]
Sorry, I can't do that.
Grandpa says no kabuki.
[AKIYA]
Oh. That's right.
[SARASA] Hey, do you think
when I'm off at school
you could come by my
house every now and then?
Just so my grandpa
won't get lonely.
I'm not a grown-up yet,
and I'm fine with that,
but I'm not a kid, either,
and right now,
I think that I've finally
figured out how someone else
has been feeling for
a really long time.
Two years after
I start at Kouka,
I'll get to be one of those
little fish in the big tank.
Then one day,
I'll be a stingray,
and I'll play Lady Oscar.
It's time for me to let go.
I'm finally gonna
leave kabuki behind.
I can't be Sukeroku,
so I guess that means
he's all yours, Akiya!
[SARASA]
Oh, one more thing?
I want you to be my boyfriend.
[SARASA] Akiya, Grandpa Ken,
how are you guys today?
I've got my audition
coming up soon!
I'm gonna give it my best shot.
I'll let you know if
I get the part!
[AI]
There you are!
I couldn't find you.
[SARASA] I've been
working on my audition.
--[AI] Where?
--[SARASA] Outside.
[AI]
Did you eat?
[SARASA]
Yep!
You feel okay?
Huh? I'm excellent.
This time, I'll show everyone
my take on Tybalt!
Good, go break a leg.
[ANDOU] Now, let's start with
our remaining hopefuls.
[STUDENTS]
Good luck, all!
All right, I want you to come
up when your name is called.
Tybalt, Sarasa Watanabe.
Here!
[SUGIMOTO]
Wait, he's starting with Tybalt?
[HOSHINO]
Why, suddenly?
On Juliet, Akina Horiguchi.
[HORIGUCHI]
Yes, sir!
The nurse, Emiri Sunouchi.
[SUNOUCHI]
Yes, sir.
And our Romeo...
...will be me.